README.md, before:

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Header of the course >>>
  Read <https://skills.github.com/quickstart> for more information about how to build courses using this template.
  Include a 1280×640 image, course name in sentence case, and a concise description in emphasis.
  In your repository settings: enable template repository, add your 1280×640 social image, auto delete head branches.
  Next to "About", add description & tags; disable releases, packages, & environments.
  Add your open source license, GitHub uses the MIT license.
-->

# TBD-course-name

_TBD-course-description_

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Start of the course >>>
  Include start button, a note about Actions minutes,
  and tell the learner why they should take the course.
  Each step should be wrapped in <details>/<summary>, with an `id` set.
  The start <details> should have `open` as well.
  Do not use quotes on the <details> tag attributes.
-->

<details id=0 open>
<summary><h2>Welcome</h2></summary>

TBD-welcome-paragraph

- **Who is this for**: TBD-audience.
- **What you'll learn**: TBD-objective.
- **What you'll build**: TBD-result.
- **Prerequisites**: TBD-prerequisites.
- **How long**: This course is TBD-step-count steps long and takes less than TBD-duration to complete.

## How to start this course

1. Right-click **Start course** and open the link in a new tab.
   <br />[![start-course](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1221423/218596841-0645fe1a-4aaf-4f51-9ab3-8aa2d3fdd487.svg)](TBD-generate)
2. In the new tab, follow the prompts to create a new repository.
   - For owner, choose your personal account or an organization to host the repository.
   - We recommend creating a public repository—private repositories will [use Actions minutes](https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-actions/about-billing-for-github-actions).
   ![Create a new repository](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1221423/218594143-e60462b6-9f2a-4fa3-80de-063ac5429aab.png)
3. After your new repository is created, wait about 20 seconds, then refresh the page. Follow the step-by-step instructions in the new repository's README.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 1 >>>
  Choose 3-5 steps for your course.
  The first step is always the hardest, so pick something easy!
  Link to docs.github.com for further explanations.
  Encourage users to open new tabs for steps!
  TBD-step-1-notes.
-->

<details id=1>
<summary><h2>Step 1: TBD-step-1-name</h2></summary>

_Welcome to "TBD-course-name"! :wave:_

TBD-step-1-information

**What is _TBD-term-1_**: TBD-definition-1

### :keyboard: Activity: TBD-step-1-name

1. Open a new browser tab, and work on the steps in your second tab while you read the instructions in this tab.
1. TBD-step-1-instructions.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page for the next step.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 2 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
  TBD-step-2-notes.
-->

<details id=2>
<summary><h2>Step 2: TBD-step-2-name</h2></summary>

_You did TBD-step-1-name! :tada:_

TBD-step-2-information

**What is _TBD-term-2_**: TBD-definition-2

### :keyboard: Activity: TBD-step-2-name

1. TBD-step-2-instructions.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page for the next step.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 3 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
  TBD-step-3-notes.
-->

<details id=3>
<summary><h2>Step 3: TBD-step-3-name</h2></summary>

_Nice work finishing TBD-step-2-name :sparkles:_

TBD-step-3-information

**What is _TBD-term-3_**: TBD-definition-3

### :keyboard: Activity: TBD-step-3-name

1. TBD-step-3-instructions.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page for the next step.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 4 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
  TBD-step-4-notes.
-->

<details id=4>
<summary><h2>Step 4: TBD-step-4-name</h2></summary>

_Nicely done TBD-step-3-name! :partying_face:_

TBD-step-4-information

**What is _TBD-term-4_**: TBD-definition-4

### :keyboard: Activity: TBD-step-4-name

1. TBD-step-4-instructions.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page for the next step.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
  TBD-step-5-notes.
-->

<details id=5>
<summary><h2>Step 5: TBD-step-5-name</h2></summary>

_Almost there TBD-step-4-name! :heart:_

TBD-step-5-information

### :keyboard: Activity: TBD-step-5-name

1. TBD-step-5-instructions.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page for the next step.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Finish >>>
  Review what we learned, ask for feedback, provide next steps.
-->

<details id=X>
<summary><h2>Finish</h2></summary>

_Congratulations friend, you've completed this course!_

<img src=TBD-celebrate-image alt=celebrate width=300 align=right>

Here's a recap of all the tasks you've accomplished in your repository:

- TBD-recap.

### What's next?

- TBD-continue.
- [We'd love to hear what you thought of this course](TBD-feedback-link).
- [Take another TBD-organization Course](https://github.com/TBD-organization).
- [Read the GitHub Getting Started docs](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started).
- To find projects to contribute to, check out [GitHub Explore](https://github.com/explore).

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Footer >>>
  Add a link to get support, GitHub status page, code of conduct, license link.
-->

---

Get help: [TBD-support](TBD-support-link) &bull; [Review the GitHub status page](https://www.githubstatus.com/)

&copy; 2022 TBD-copyright-holder &bull; [Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md) &bull; [MIT License](https://gh.io/mit)

Commit message:

Update start course button (#30)
* Update start course button

Reference: https://github.blog/changelog/2023-04-27-pre-fill-form-fields-when-creating-a-new-repo/

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Courtney Wilson <77312589+cmwilson21@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update README.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Courtney Wilson <77312589+cmwilson21@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Header of the course >>>
  Read <https://skills.github.com/quickstart> for more information about how to build courses using this template.
  Include a 1280×640 image, course name in sentence case, and a concise description in emphasis.
  In your repository settings: enable template repository, add your 1280×640 social image, auto delete head branches.
  Next to "About", add description & tags; disable releases, packages, & environments.
  Add your open source license, GitHub uses the MIT license.
-->

# TBD-course-name

_TBD-course-description_

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Start of the course >>>
  Include start button, a note about Actions minutes,
  and tell the learner why they should take the course.
  Each step should be wrapped in <details>/<summary>, with an `id` set.
  The start <details> should have `open` as well.
  Do not use quotes on the <details> tag attributes.
-->

<details id=0 open>
<summary><h2>Welcome</h2></summary>

TBD-welcome-paragraph

- **Who is this for**: TBD-audience.
- **What you'll learn**: TBD-objective.
- **What you'll build**: TBD-result.
- **Prerequisites**: TBD-prerequisites.
- **How long**: This course is TBD-step-count steps long and takes less than TBD-duration to complete.

## How to start this course

<!-- For start course, run in JavaScript:
'https://github.com/new?' + new URLSearchParams({
  template_owner: 'TBD-organization',
  template_name: 'TBD-course-name',
  owner: '@me',
  name: 'TBD-organization-TBD-course-name',
  description: 'My clone repository',
  visibility: 'public',
}).toString()
-->

[![start-course](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1221423/235727646-4a590299-ffe5-480d-8cd5-8194ea184546.svg)](TBD-generate)

1. Right-click **Start course** and open the link in a new tab.
2. In the new tab, most of the prompts will automatically fill in for you.
   - For owner, choose your personal account or an organization to host the repository.
   - We recommend creating a public repository, as private repositories will [use Actions minutes](https://docs.github.com/en/billing/managing-billing-for-github-actions/about-billing-for-github-actions).
   - Scroll down and click the **Create repository** button at the bottom of the form.
3. After your new repository is created, wait about 20 seconds, then refresh the page. Follow the step-by-step instructions in the new repository's README.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 1 >>>
  Choose 3-5 steps for your course.
  The first step is always the hardest, so pick something easy!
  Link to docs.github.com for further explanations.
  Encourage users to open new tabs for steps!
  TBD-step-1-notes.
-->

<details id=1>
<summary><h2>Step 1: TBD-step-1-name</h2></summary>

_Welcome to "TBD-course-name"! :wave:_

TBD-step-1-information

**What is _TBD-term-1_**: TBD-definition-1

### :keyboard: Activity: TBD-step-1-name

1. Open a new browser tab, and work on the steps in your second tab while you read the instructions in this tab.
1. TBD-step-1-instructions.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page for the next step.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 2 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
  TBD-step-2-notes.
-->

<details id=2>
<summary><h2>Step 2: TBD-step-2-name</h2></summary>

_You did TBD-step-1-name! :tada:_

TBD-step-2-information

**What is _TBD-term-2_**: TBD-definition-2

### :keyboard: Activity: TBD-step-2-name

1. TBD-step-2-instructions.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page for the next step.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 3 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
  TBD-step-3-notes.
-->

<details id=3>
<summary><h2>Step 3: TBD-step-3-name</h2></summary>

_Nice work finishing TBD-step-2-name :sparkles:_

TBD-step-3-information

**What is _TBD-term-3_**: TBD-definition-3

### :keyboard: Activity: TBD-step-3-name

1. TBD-step-3-instructions.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page for the next step.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 4 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
  TBD-step-4-notes.
-->

<details id=4>
<summary><h2>Step 4: TBD-step-4-name</h2></summary>

_Nicely done TBD-step-3-name! :partying_face:_

TBD-step-4-information

**What is _TBD-term-4_**: TBD-definition-4

### :keyboard: Activity: TBD-step-4-name

1. TBD-step-4-instructions.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page for the next step.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Step 5 >>>
  Start this step by acknowledging the previous step.
  Define terms and link to docs.github.com.
  TBD-step-5-notes.
-->

<details id=5>
<summary><h2>Step 5: TBD-step-5-name</h2></summary>

_Almost there TBD-step-4-name! :heart:_

TBD-step-5-information

### :keyboard: Activity: TBD-step-5-name

1. TBD-step-5-instructions.
1. Wait about 20 seconds then refresh this page for the next step.

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Finish >>>
  Review what we learned, ask for feedback, provide next steps.
-->

<details id=X>
<summary><h2>Finish</h2></summary>

_Congratulations friend, you've completed this course!_

<img src=TBD-celebrate-image alt=celebrate width=300 align=right>

Here's a recap of all the tasks you've accomplished in your repository:

- TBD-recap.

### What's next?

- TBD-continue.
- [We'd love to hear what you thought of this course](TBD-feedback-link).
- [Take another TBD-organization Course](https://github.com/TBD-organization).
- [Read the GitHub Getting Started docs](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started).
- To find projects to contribute to, check out [GitHub Explore](https://github.com/explore).

</details>

<!--
  <<< Author notes: Footer >>>
  Add a link to get support, GitHub status page, code of conduct, license link.
-->

---

Get help: [TBD-support](TBD-support-link) &bull; [Review the GitHub status page](https://www.githubstatus.com/)

&copy; 2022 TBD-copyright-holder &bull; [Code of Conduct](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/code_of_conduct.md) &bull; [MIT License](https://gh.io/mit)
